ESL Fun! was created to teach my ELL students the four essential skills in language learning. It was very easy for me to create ideas and decide which instructional strategy I will like to implement into my website.  However, it was challenging for me to implement my ideas and strategies into coding. A few times, while I was coding I had a difficult time creating a drop-down button and making sure each button was active.  Structuring my website was a little challenging. There were moments when my webpage was not displaying the correct format I imagine. Trying to implement my memory game into the JavaScript and html file was also challenging.

When I encountered any challenges, I always referred to my notes and helpful resources that was given to the class to refer to for additional practice.  Throughout this experience, I learned that when you are coding you must constantly review your codes and be mindful that coding is case-sensitive. Besides the challenges that I encountered, I enjoyed creating my website. I intend to implement more resources and assessments to better assist my students with learning the four essential skills in language learning. To make my experience less confusing and more enjoyable, I decided to create separate html files. I used the index.html file to organize my codes and execute the codes in the correct way. Creating multiple files has made my experience more fulfilling. Sketching my ideas into the skeleton was very easy and interesting. Sketching my ideas for me was wonderful.
